The ET Now Global Business Summit 2024 brought together some of the world’s leading CEOs, heads of state and policymakers to deliberate on and discuss critical issues of our time and map the future. The theme of the summit was Disruption, Development and Diversification.
 Addressing the summit in his keynote, our CEO, Ravi Kumar spoke on Generative AI's power to shape the future of work and later in the day spoke at a panel discussion on the topic Fissures, Faultlines and Future.
 Highlights from Ravi's keynote:
  “Cognizant is at the forefront of leveraging technological advancements. Generative AI represents a departure from past technological shifts, fundamentally altering the landscape of jobs, skills, tasks, and occupations while fostering upward social mobility. Unlike its predecessors, Generative AI follows a steeper S-curve trajectory, significantly transforming various industries,” he said. 

Comparing the Generative AI’s impact to historical computing changes, Ravi added, “Businesses must adapt by reorganizing operations, prioritizing safety, trust, and equity to ensure a fair and inclusive future. Its rapid diffusion and bidirectional understanding between humans and machines mirror past technological revolutions.”
 He concluded by highlighting Cognizant’s focus on technological continuity, emphasizing the imperative for businesses to adapt their strategies alongside advancing technologies to cultivate a prosperous and inclusive future workforce.
  Ravi also participated in a panel discussion on the topic Fissures, Faultlines and Future – In Search of an Equilibrium, along with other eminent industry leaders including Bill Winters, CEO, Standard Chartered, Jenny Johnson, President and CEO, Franklin Templeton, Rizwan Sajan, Founder and Chairman, Danube Group and Suneeta Reddy, MD, Apollo Hospitals. The leaders discussed some of the most critical problems faced by the world today, the role of AI, and the growth roadmap for India.
   Before concluding the day, Ravi met India’s Hon'ble Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and Hon’ble PM of Guyana, H.E Brigadier (Retd.), Indian ministers and industry leaders from across the world.
  To watch the full recording of the summit, click here.
Timestamps:
Ravi’s keynote: 2:36 (mins) till 2:52 (mins)
Panel discussion: 3:04 (mins) till 3:33 (mins)
 To know more about GBS, click here.