The International Day for Women and Girls in Science is celebrated every year on February 11 to recognize the critical role that women and girls play in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM). The day was established by the United Nations General Assembly in 2015 to promote full and equal access to and participation in science for women and girls, and to achieve gender equity and the empowerment of women and girls.
 According to UNESCO, only 35% of all students in STEM-related fields of study are women, and only 33.3% of researchers worldwide are women. Moreover, women face barriers such as gender stereotypes, lack of role models, mentoring and networking opportunities, and discrimination and bias in the workplace. And so that we can see developments not only in the number of women in the field, but to achieve better results in innovation that this diversity offers, we always need to remember what our part is in the change.
 To address these challenges and increase the number of women in technology, several initiatives have been launched by governments, institutions, civil society organizations and private sector. At Cognizant in addition to promoting inclusion, we are committed to clear goals of increasing representation of women in leadership roles, which are driven by programs like Propel, our exclusive female leadership development program for mid- and senior-level women leaders across the world that has benefited more than 1700 associates up till end 2023, and the Cognizant® Returnship Program, a 3-month paid experience for talented technology professionals transitioning back into the workforce.
 Women in technology are essential for the advancement and sustainability of the field and you can help:
 Recognize: It is not new that we have women developing groundbreaking algorithms, software, hardware, and systems that have shaped the history and future of computing, such as Ada Lovelace, Grace Hopper, Katherine Johnson, Radia Perlman, Shafi Goldwasser, and many others. So, remember to recognize women for their achievements, most of them may not have yet realized how great they are. They deserve recognition, respect, and support for their work and potential.
 Support: Whether it’s presenting programs and training to co-workers, promoting women, or Outreach to teach technology to girls, there are many ways you can not only show your support, but take action. Extra tip: get to know some important institutions such as Girl Start, Girls Inc., Code First Girls, National Center for Women and Information Technology, Ada Developers Academy, or contact the Outreach team and find out how to contribute.
 Improve your knowledge: Take one of the D&I trainings, such as Allyship in Action.
 Be an Ally: Join Women Empowered, Cognizant women’s Affinity Group that elevates the experience of work for women and creates impact for the business. 
 By empowering women and girls in technology, we can unleash their potential to create innovative solutions for the global challenges we face today. As the UN Secretary-General António Guterres said: "We can all do our part to unleash our world’s enormous untapped talent – starting with filling classrooms, laboratories, and boardrooms with women scientists."